Welcome to all.
Do not often discuss the formatting of a string for printing.
You will want to be able to inject a variable into a string for printing.
So we have already learned about concatenated lagoon.
For example, you can have a variable called in my name equal to Jose and you want to print sentence lag.
Hello JosÃ ©.
So what you can do is say Prince.
And inside this printing function, you say hello and concatenate it with variable lag my name.
Now, there are actually several ways to format strings to print the variables so that you
do not have to constantly use this concatenation or this plus sign.
And this in general is known as interpellation of strings, which is basically joste
a very elegant way to say to stick a variable in a chain, so we will explore two methods to do it.
One is the formatting method lag and the other is the string method lag that represents the formatted string literals.
And this is a more recent method for some newer versions of Python 3.
Personally, I prefer this formatting method, but let's go and show them both so that you can
choose the style that suits you best.
Commençons.
OKAY.
Let's start by discussing the lagging format and syntax lag method of arbejdsformande.
define your string, then inside your string, special braces will serve as spaces for the variables
that you are going to insert.
And inside that, you'll call the strings or variables that you want to insert into
your chain.
Let's review a lot of examples here.
We will start with the most elementary example that simply derbs that it is a chain that will open and
close the braces.
And joste after chain lag, we will call this format.
Notice, then, how the point touches chain lag at this point, and then whatever string lag to insert.
So, for it to be really obvious, I'm going to put all the uppercase letters inserted and run this and I see that it's a
inspection team. \ t
So, with DOT format formatting lag, it's a matter of grabbing chain lag and inserting it into lagde
place braces.
So there are a lot of advantages here and we're going to look at them all.
One advantage is that the strings can actually be inserted by lagging index position.
Imagine that we wanted to insert a lot of things.
We will say braces accolades braces accolades.
Then say that
format and tell the Fox Brown.
Now, what happens is that this format inserts the chains into the same order.
You have provided them and in these braces.
So now we have Brown Fast Lute.
What would be nice, it's that if we really have this grammatical meaning that will become the luster
fast brown.
numbers in the order I want.
The first word I want is so fast.
So it's also in the show because it's 0 1 2.
So, I'll say OK, two go first here and then go on next thing I want to be brown.
So it's a position 1 so 0 1 and then the first mod.
Fox indeks 0 here hva be the last I want.
And then when I run that, I'll come back.
The fast brown luster.
What is also very nice is that I can actually repeat them.
So, if I mean the Fox Fox, I could just say 0 0 0 here and do it now.
I now have the Fox Fox, which allows me to play with that in case I want to work from an udstilling.
Now, it is also interesting to node that not only can I call things outside of lag position index.
I can also give them keywords, and then simply call them, because here, as part of this work, there is really no indication that
zero is synonymous with Fox and it is derhen that I have to look over and say OK what is
the first mod.
What I can do is assign them keywords.
So let's do this.
We're going to define braces accolades braces accolades braces indicates the format, and then in
the current format call, say that F is equal to the Fox chain lag.
bede is equal to Brown will say that is equal to fast and then I can use these names of
variable here.
F. B and Q to insert them.
So, basically, use these keywords as variable names and insert them this way.
So, instead, say that queue lag will be.
And then when I run that, I'll come back.
The brown light is fast and this is even nicer than before because it is a bit more readable for someone
who uses it as OK.
Q means fast.
Instead of looking back and asking yourself OK, what was going on in that position too.
And then come here to format.
So, it's able to use these keywords.
And I really prefer it that way myself.
And which is also very positive if, for some reason, you wanted
say the Fox Fox, you can just type F here in each of these brackets and recover the Fox Fox.
Again, by using keywords, you can easily use lag repetition.
OKAY.
To finish our discussion on method lag form, I would like to briefly talk about lagging formatting flotanede
with lag DOT formatting method.
floating point number.
Let's start with an example, we will say that the result is equal to 100 divided by 7 7 7.
As you would expect, this result is a number followed by a ton of decimal points.
Well, we can do if, when we print this, we can actually change the level of precision that
we want and even change the width of the number itself.
So we will start by saying Prince.
The result has been, and then open and closed braces indicate that format, and here the result is displayed.
And we see that the result was.
And basically, this kind of large number of precision.
What I can do is say that R is equal to the result then I pass and I'm inside the braces and that
Your results will result.
So, formatting for stream formatting up to point formatting method lag
is the lag value you specify.
So, in this case, it is here to see the real value lag name.
Then you write two dots and then you write in lagde value with which you want points, then lagde value
of precision, then in F and often, what you are really going to worry about is the precise accuracy of that
width lagde simply allows you to add.
Let's do the following, we will say value.
So it's our heart.
We are going to define our with just one equal at one point and then the level of precision we want.
So this is mainly where you will play with this value of accuracy.
Imagine.
I only want three places with a decimal point.
So, I want a two then nine because that's hva being around that until 9 in
because of 7 joste next I would say 1. 3 if I run this and I get 0. 1 to 9.
Now, if I play with that with lagde value and I'm really doing it big, what happens is
that you end up adding spaces.
And lagdog reason is that with with roughly describes how much time or how much width you want this
whole number of string is.
It's not very useful because you end up writing a ton of spaces, but there may be certain situations in
which you may want to say that.
So, it's available here, but often you'll play with lagde
© PRA decision.
So, we can do this five.
And here we can see.
Now, we take less of the total with because with white spaces because we have more than
numbers that pass a decimal point and what you can just keep as one.
But let's go and show another example, let's say that the result is equal to, say, 104 points.
One two three four five.
Execute this operation and we can see here that even if one on the other side is a decimal point, it's essentially
lagde same thing and we can add it and play this value in comma flotanede.
OK, so this is a float formatting with the dot for a method.
Again, it's your value and your accuracy, followed by F. You can read the booklet for
many other examples about it.
So we will use the following method lagde to create two new cells here.
I will say that the name is equal to Jose.
Run that.
And then all I should do is say hello.
If his name is and then I would say that the name of the format, I run it and he derhen hello.
You can replace the format call by simply typing an F in front of chain lag, then you
can pass the name directly into the chaî dildo in itself.
And if you listen to this, you get the same result.
We're going to get that from crazy channels to formatted string literals, which is new.
Python 3. 6
And many people have been asking for this feature for a long time, because it's quite common
in other languages.
Again because I'm a little older, I really got used to this formatting method, it's
why I love him so much.
But if you come from other languages, I would certainly suggest you check the channels.
Many people think that this is a huge improvement over previous method and
you can see why it's really handy to be able to write this variable name directly inside these braces.
And it works with several variables.
So let's say that the name is Sam the age is 3.
We can say print F so that Python knows string f.
Well.
And braces.
The name is a h accolade.
And if we run that, we see that Sam is three years old.
So it's a very good way to quickly make a chain inquiry that consists of
simply injecting variables into string lag itself.
OKAY.
These are the basics of chain formatting.
We have many more examples in the notebook in case you are interested.
And we also have examples of older string formatting methods that
still work technically in Python 3, and I strongly recommend you use lagde point format method or use this new method of
chaîne.
Use that too.
I just wanted to show you briefly what the nopal looks like for this conference.
can see here that we have a ton of examples of formatting chain for lagging formatting
of spaces reserved.
how it can use deciding and padding for floating point numbers.
We also have many more examples with lagde method of thinking format of inserting objects by
a udstilling the reuse.
We also have precision alignments.
So all that stuff, all this stuff that we're not going to use throughout the course but that's
available in the note.
In case you really want to delve into this subject, we have many examples for you.
OKAY.
Again, all you really need to know about formatting chains for
this course is that you can use string literals to inject and interpret strings in this way or use method lag of point format for injecting
variables this way.
OKAY.
I hope those that are helpful to you.
We will see you in the next lesson.